the sons of Judah were Pires hezron
the sons of Judah were Pires hezron Carmi her and Shobha and Rihanna the son
Carmi her and Shobha and Rihanna the son
Carmi her and Shobha and Rihanna the son of Shobha forgot J half and J hath begat
of Shobha forgot J half and J hath begat
of Shobha forgot J half and J hath begat a human and later these were the
a human and later these were the
a human and later these were the families of the szura fights these were
families of the szura fights these were
families of the szura fights these were the sons of the father of Eton Jezreel
the sons of the father of Eton Jezreel
the sons of the father of Eton Jezreel ish ma and eid bash and the name of
ish ma and eid bash and the name of
ish ma and eid bash and the name of their sister was has allowed Pune and
their sister was has allowed Pune and
their sister was has allowed Pune and Anu L was the father of Kido and easie
Anu L was the father of Kido and easie
Anu L was the father of Kido and easie was the father of Hugh sure these were
was the father of Hugh sure these were
was the father of Hugh sure these were the sons of her the first born of a
the sons of her the first born of a
the sons of her the first born of a father the father of Bethlehem and Asha
father the father of Bethlehem and Asha
father the father of Bethlehem and Asha the father of Toccoa had two wives Gila
the father of Toccoa had two wives Gila
the father of Toccoa had two wives Gila and Neera Neera for him a Hewes am keifa
and Neera Neera for him a Hewes am keifa
and Neera Neera for him a Hewes am keifa team and I and heya hashed awry these
team and I and heya hashed awry these
team and I and heya hashed awry these were the sons of naira the sons of
were the sons of naira the sons of
were the sons of naira the sons of healer was 0th Zohar and Ethne and cars
healer was 0th Zohar and Ethne and cars
healer was 0th Zohar and Ethne and cars begat Anil though Bieber and the
begat Anil though Bieber and the
begat Anil though Bieber and the families of a ha the son of Haven now
families of a ha the son of Haven now
families of a ha the son of Haven now jay-bez was more honorable than his
jay-bez was more honorable than his
jay-bez was more honorable than his brothers and his mother called his name
brothers and his mother called his name
brothers and his mother called his name jay-bez saying because I bore him in
jay-bez saying because I bore him in
jay-bez saying because I bore him in pain and jay-bez called on the God of
pain and jay-bez called on the God of
pain and jay-bez called on the God of Israel saying oh that you would bless me
Israel saying oh that you would bless me
Israel saying oh that you would bless me indeed and enlarge my territory that
indeed and enlarge my territory that
indeed and enlarge my territory that your hand would be with me and that you
your hand would be with me and that you
your hand would be with me and that you would keep me from evil that I may not
would keep me from evil that I may not
would keep me from evil that I may not cause pain
cause pain
cause pain so God granted him what he requested
so God granted him what he requested
so God granted him what he requested Caleb the brother of schewe begat me her
Caleb the brother of schewe begat me her
Caleb the brother of schewe begat me her who was the father of Ashton and ish fan
who was the father of Ashton and ish fan
who was the father of Ashton and ish fan bhagat Beth rafer pasilla and tahina the
bhagat Beth rafer pasilla and tahina the
bhagat Beth rafer pasilla and tahina the father of earn a hush these were the men
father of earn a hush these were the men
father of earn a hush these were the men of Rica the sons of kinas were earth
of Rica the sons of kinas were earth
of Rica the sons of kinas were earth Niall and Sarah the sons of earth Niall
Niall and Sarah the sons of earth Niall
Niall and Sarah the sons of earth Niall were Haifa and Maranatha who begat a fur
were Haifa and Maranatha who begat a fur
were Haifa and Maranatha who begat a fur Sariah the got Joey the father of D
Sariah the got Joey the father of D
Sariah the got Joey the father of D Harrison for they were craftsmen the
Harrison for they were craftsmen the
Harrison for they were craftsmen the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh were
sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh were
sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh were ira ela and nail the son of Allah was
ira ela and nail the son of Allah was
ira ela and nail the son of Allah was kinas the sons of jihad ll was if cypher
kinas the sons of jihad ll was if cypher
kinas the sons of jihad ll was if cypher teria and acero the sons of Ezra were
teria and acero the sons of Ezra were
teria and acero the sons of Ezra were Chifa me read Aoife and Jalen and Mira's
Chifa me read Aoife and Jalen and Mira's
Chifa me read Aoife and Jalen and Mira's wife bore Miriam shaii i and ich burn
wife bore Miriam shaii i and ich burn
wife bore Miriam shaii i and ich burn the father of ashta maha his wife dead
the father of ashta maha his wife dead
the father of ashta maha his wife dead hugh de jure for gr8 the father of ghido
hugh de jure for gr8 the father of ghido
hugh de jure for gr8 the father of ghido Heba the father of Sokka and chiku Thea
Heba the father of Sokka and chiku Thea
Heba the father of Sokka and chiku Thea the father of Z Noah and these were the
the father of Z Noah and these were the
the father of Z Noah and these were the sons of be fear the daughter of Pharaoh
sons of be fear the daughter of Pharaoh
sons of be fear the daughter of Pharaoh who merely took the sons of hadiya's
who merely took the sons of hadiya's
who merely took the sons of hadiya's wife the sister of Nahum were the
wife the sister of Nahum were the
wife the sister of Nahum were the fathers of key ila the gamma and of
fathers of key ila the gamma and of
fathers of key ila the gamma and of Ashton Miller the Mayock aside and the
Ashton Miller the Mayock aside and the
Ashton Miller the Mayock aside and the sons of Shimon were Amnon Rinna Ben
sons of Shimon were Amnon Rinna Ben
sons of Shimon were Amnon Rinna Ben Hainan and Tyler and the sons of issue I
Hainan and Tyler and the sons of issue I
Hainan and Tyler and the sons of issue I was so heavy and benzo Heth the sons of
was so heavy and benzo Heth the sons of
was so heavy and benzo Heth the sons of Shilla the son of Judah were earth the
Shilla the son of Judah were earth the
Shilla the son of Judah were earth the father of Lika later the father of
father of Lika later the father of
father of Lika later the father of Moorish
Moorish
Moorish and the families of the house of the
and the families of the house of the
and the families of the house of the linen workers of the house of ash beer
linen workers of the house of ash beer
linen workers of the house of ash beer also joking the men of cozy bar and
also joking the men of cozy bar and
also joking the men of cozy bar and chill ash cereth who ruled in lower and
chill ash cereth who ruled in lower and
chill ash cereth who ruled in lower and Joshu by Liam now the records are
Joshu by Liam now the records are
Joshu by Liam now the records are ancient these were the Potters and those
ancient these were the Potters and those
ancient these were the Potters and those who dwell at night a.m. and Khedira
who dwell at night a.m. and Khedira
who dwell at night a.m. and Khedira there they dwelt with the King for his
there they dwelt with the King for his
there they dwelt with the King for his work the sons of Simeon when mu L Kaman
work the sons of Simeon when mu L Kaman
work the sons of Simeon when mu L Kaman J rib Zira and Shore Shalem his son
J rib Zira and Shore Shalem his son
J rib Zira and Shore Shalem his son libsyn his son and Mishra his son and
libsyn his son and Mishra his son and
libsyn his son and Mishra his son and the sons of Mishima were Hemi well his
the sons of Mishima were Hemi well his
the sons of Mishima were Hemi well his son Zakhar his son and shamea his son
son Zakhar his son and shamea his son
son Zakhar his son and shamea his son Jimmy I had 16 sons and six daughters
Jimmy I had 16 sons and six daughters
Jimmy I had 16 sons and six daughters but his brothers did not have many
but his brothers did not have many
but his brothers did not have many children nor did any of their families
children nor did any of their families
children nor did any of their families multiply as much as the children of
multiply as much as the children of
multiply as much as the children of Judah they dwelt at Beersheba mo leader
Judah they dwelt at Beersheba mo leader
Judah they dwelt at Beersheba mo leader Heiser shul Bilhah ISM to lad Beth hule
Heiser shul Bilhah ISM to lad Beth hule
Heiser shul Bilhah ISM to lad Beth hule former Ziklag beth maachah buff huzzah
former Ziklag beth maachah buff huzzah
former Ziklag beth maachah buff huzzah Susan Beth Bri and at chez array these
Susan Beth Bri and at chez array these
Susan Beth Bri and at chez array these were their cities until the reign of
were their cities until the reign of
were their cities until the reign of David and their villages were eaten ein
David and their villages were eaten ein
David and their villages were eaten ein women token and Asian five cities and
women token and Asian five cities and
women token and Asian five cities and all the villages that were around these
all the villages that were around these
all the villages that were around these cities as far as bail these were their
cities as far as bail these were their
cities as far as bail these were their dwelling places and they maintained
dwelling places and they maintained
dwelling places and they maintained their genealogy Micheaux bad Jam lek and
their genealogy Micheaux bad Jam lek and
their genealogy Micheaux bad Jam lek and Joe sure the son of Amaziah Joelle and
Joe sure the son of Amaziah Joelle and
Joe sure the son of Amaziah Joelle and ki who the son of Josh abaya the son of
ki who the son of Josh abaya the son of
ki who the son of Josh abaya the son of Sarai the son of a CE o le o ni Jericho
Sarai the son of a CE o le o ni Jericho
Sarai the son of a CE o le o ni Jericho ba Joshua hyah Isaiah
ba Joshua hyah Isaiah
ba Joshua hyah Isaiah a DL J Samia and benaiah
a DL J Samia and benaiah
a DL J Samia and benaiah zai sir the son of shy Phi the son of
zai sir the son of shy Phi the son of
zai sir the son of shy Phi the son of Alan the son of Judaea the son of shem
Alan the son of Judaea the son of shem
Alan the son of Judaea the son of shem rey the son of shem mayor these
rey the son of shem mayor these
rey the son of shem mayor these mentioned by name were leaders in their
mentioned by name were leaders in their
mentioned by name were leaders in their families and their father's house
families and their father's house
families and their father's house increased greatly so they went to the
increased greatly so they went to the
increased greatly so they went to the entrance of kiddo as far as the east
entrance of kiddo as far as the east
entrance of kiddo as far as the east side of the valley to seek pasture for
side of the valley to seek pasture for
side of the valley to seek pasture for their flocks and they found rich good
their flocks and they found rich good
their flocks and they found rich good pasture and the land was broad quiet and
pasture and the land was broad quiet and
pasture and the land was broad quiet and peaceful for some hay mites formerly
peaceful for some hay mites formerly
peaceful for some hay mites formerly lived there these recorded by name came
lived there these recorded by name came
lived there these recorded by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah
in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah
in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah and they attacked their tents and the me
and they attacked their tents and the me
and they attacked their tents and the me unites who were found there and utterly
unites who were found there and utterly
unites who were found there and utterly destroyed them as it is to this day
destroyed them as it is to this day
destroyed them as it is to this day so they dwelt in their place because
so they dwelt in their place because
so they dwelt in their place because there was pasture for their flocks there
there was pasture for their flocks there
there was pasture for their flocks there now some of them 500 men of the sons of
now some of them 500 men of the sons of
now some of them 500 men of the sons of Simeon went to Mount Seir having as
Simeon went to Mount Seir having as
Simeon went to Mount Seir having as their captains fell attire near Ryan
their captains fell attire near Ryan
their captains fell attire near Ryan raffia and Isaiah the sons of issue and
raffia and Isaiah the sons of issue and
raffia and Isaiah the sons of issue and they defeated the rest of the Amalekites
they defeated the rest of the Amalekites
they defeated the rest of the Amalekites who had escaped
who had escaped
who had escaped they have dwelt there to this day